How did I know I 'd take it fair?
that this I'm Greek is going to happen
nothing's going to happen just because I'm
here with osmar cloud because with this
super super epic mode only who has not seen
This week here marks a new way
the government has already presented a long time ago
behind and was bike also participate in
spain who teaches a lot of movement the voice
to the character see that mine has the
cover that the gain is an unknown
then I'm done with some
movements with us let's go
You invented that, but you are.
in slow motion syndsaude now 11 the
dead did not come from the slow motion scene
We swapped the fast camera on the river alone.
we put on camera slower see
here the sun motion on the 3rd is out look
we understand very clear
was only put here five valley can
talk too much because you want to stay
it was over because the cover see what
happens is is not environment
Stay, go, but you can walk alone.
farmer arrive much faster
simple and sometimes zoom
ready out there or slowed down and
we will make it normal that this mode
We are bathing here, and only you can.
to be like a gecko and himself
cover also accompanies one more in
development
I was until she accompanied a
A little more you guys out while
This sim ends this Friday, you entered.
in the field in the free fall also ends
this month
or even so it gains movement
music searches for some water that goes
that she does a job that with our
body makes in the water and we have here
water were a bit on the faster side
when always exploring in ie no u
I come here so be taken but wants
show here is easier said here
the are you doing enough some movements
front is true
You're going to show it soon, too.
because you do not know how to vote for a video yesterday
I will explain this step that was won in the
maine runs for everyone who went to
mother cone
this cover is a kind of gift with
gratin was in mexico not even
It just looks beautiful but I also think
that you can get jackie same letter but
yesterday that the video also features only
one thing that was an original manifesto
which I had won in eight
why no one ever told you
so mass
I freaked out and simone kraft offers
minecraft I was going to go to me like I was
said in the video
I only officer I will not be able
you enroll in itself is not a non
subtract the same offer
you do not have to say enroll in
channel, nothing of these things is not that I
I have to ask for things I just go
two in two videos put some of the
code is that the code has three to three
phases three parts so in three times
from the front I'll put in each one
so you can quickly the first
part of the code already in tomorrow's video
imagine that tomorrow friday the video
in the morning and will appear like this and
great for example 10 minute makes
account appears the code so during
more second before on Saturday it will not
or not but he finds out that the
names will see again
that is, day in and day out was not a part of
code
In total, three parties were only able to
save imagine that I'll try to do
on here
I figured I'm walking here in the middle.
of the game and thus not in the case against
any so it ever appears in the code
pretends that this is so it appears the
numbers a corner the women that number
and after two videos basically you
have to go see if there was one more
bit of the code join the three parts
of the code is just to go out of the sea ​​kraft
register the account that did not notice I'm going
explain again
Now I will explain so that those who go
watch videos with fine
only there is basically only one cloth
morning green the minute I never go
say which one will look a bit like
code here that I'll sing it here
in this corner will appear a bit of
body and so for a second month
personal score is a part of what
we have to join in the end property
take a minecraft account to original
will be three videos but will not be
will be destroyed every other day or
It's going to be tomorrow, Friday, and it's back again.
language and then come back sure was
ie Friday to Sunday and Tuesday will be
the days agree that there are three doors
You will have to join and be more
fast is relative because tomorrow
if for example it was only see the video of
on Friday morning and on Saturday in
Worries that's what matters is
get last code does not tend to
present the three that will be in order
the morning will be the first Sunday
is the second health df will be the
santos just join the minecraft site
activate your account not only thinks everything
being noticed you know I'm not going
ask to sign up here lyon
It does not matter, I'm just going to ask you.
stay tuned for search videos
the parts of the body that I will not
write in the description of ships or feathers
leave foch yes spend a lot
quickly on the screen after they
pause and save in block note only as
want
so I'll leave the application now
Let's see the garden of the sea fade.
kraft with this story mode is just you
also put in our bin folder the
already assure them a point 4.5 already
now and also roberto aquino bt kraft is
the manager recognize this
this one I only like favorite supported the video
Do not forget that tomorrow, Friday , I
I'll have it because of what happens is that
after already seen in the river video
motion do not forget to have the video
stay understand and post hug be mother and
to the next